AI Usage Journal
Angelo Montagnino
amontagn@terpmail.umd.edu
Section 0302

Week 1
This week I mostly used AI to help me during my week 1 excersizes assignment.
as it had been some time since I used python I needed the occasional hint from
ChatGPT to help me. I did not use AI to actually anwser any of the prompts, I 
just used it to remind me of various commands.

Along with the excersizes I would turn to AI to help me with various other 
assignments by correcting grammer or viewing alternative phrasing to make 
my thoughts more concise.

Finally I used AI to troubleshoot my VS Studio as I was having trouble getting
GitHub working for this assignment. 


Week 2 
For this week I found I did not use AI nearly as much as the week before. 
As with last week I went to ChatGPT to aid me witht he week 2 excersizes
assignment. A few of the things it helped me with were explained certain 
commands that were new to that assignment. Along with general bug fixes. 

Besides ChatGPT grammerly was also used throughout the week to help with my 
discussion posts or genral writing errors. 


Week 3
This week I similarly used AI to aid in my week 3 excersizes assignment. As we 
were working with functions for the first time in this course I needed some help
with bug fixes and explainations on what I was doing wrong.

I also found myself using AI to aid me with grammer and help me make my writing 
more concise. 


Week 4
This week I used AI for assistance in two of my INST326 assignments.

The first asssigment I used AI for was our Week 4 discussion post. I choose to 
ask AI to create a class for me. I found that ChatGPT misunderstood the 
assignment and instead of giving me a Python class it gave me a school class.
I think this is interesting and demonstrates the importance of your prompts to
these AI companions 

I also used AI to help in the week 4 excersizes assignment. I mostly just needed
help with some general bug fixes and explainations on what I was doing wrong


Week 5

For week 5 I used AI more than I had any other week this semester

I mainly used AI to help with my portion of the group project function library.
I avoided using AI while I was creating my functions however I used ChatGPT to
help format the docstrings in functions. ChatGPT also helped me identify general
bug fixes and notified me if I was missing anything in my code. 

ChatGPT was also used to aid me in my Week 5 excersizes. I used the resource 
more towards the begining of the assignment, as I was still learning how to use
property's and attributions. I soon found I didn't need as much help from AI as 
I worked my way through the assignment and only turned to ChatGPT if I ran into
an error. 

Finally I used AI in the weekly discussion exersize. For this assignment I used
Copilot to analyze the PlantingContainer class from lecture. I found the AI was
not as helpful as I thought it would be and provided more superfical suggestions.


Week 6

For week 6 I mostly used AI to aid me in the week 6 exersizes. Similarly to 
previous weeks I used ChatGPT to help with bug fixes and generally explain how to 
implement the content from that weeks lecture. 

I also turned to ChatGPT to help me study for one of my midterms. After taking 
the practice exams, I used ChatGPT to explain what I was getting wrong and tell
me what areas I needed to freshen up on the most


Week 7

For this week I used AI to aid me with my INST326 assignments. When completing
the exersizes I used ChatGPT to help with bug fixes and explain some of the 
errors/tests that I would be implementing in the code. As a group we also used 
AI to help us divide and plan out our Classes for the Project Assignment. We
specifically used Claude to formulate a plan on how we should go about the next
phase of the project. 

Week 8

This week I used AI for two of my INST326 assignments. The first assignment was
the week 8 discussion question. For this question I prompted Claude 
"I would like to create an inheritance heirarchy for a bank account tracking 
system in python. Create a class with 2-3 subclasses for a transaction". I found 
the results from claude lacking but fairly accurate. With additional prompting 
and proper human additions I feel AI can help users with inheritance coding.

I also used AI to aid me in my week 8 exersizes. I limited my use to bug fixes 
and simply explainations on what I was doing wrong. I also used ChatGPT to 
create demo for the various questions, especially the later questions which had 
lots of inputs and moving parts.

Week 9 

This week I again used AI to aid me with work for INST326. I firstly used Claude
as part of the discussion question of the week, prompting claude with ""Help me 
implement polymorphic design for a bank account tracking resource. It should be 
an abstract class with 2-3 relevent subclasses that demonstrate polymorphism. 
Implement the abstract methods differently in each subclass". I also used ChatGPT
to help me with bog fixes and general questions for exersize 9 assignment.

I also used AI in INST327 as part of the homework assignment. The assignment 
required me to prompt AI and work with AI to anwser the question. I then reflected
on the experience with AI, noting that while helpful it is more benefical to do
the work yourself. 

Week 10

This week I had ChatGPT aid me with the week 10 exersizes. I didn't need much 
help and only turned to the AI when I was stuck and needed a quick bug fix. 
Our group also asked Claude for help for our Project 3 assignment. We asked
claude for help to organize and disperse the duties for this weeks portion of the
project. 
